Game overview:

The player is a young man in a 1700s frontier town with a handful of
buildings nestled between a few rivers that feed into the sea. The game
opens with the player's cabin being attacked by a vampire. The player's
family is killed and the cabin burned. By luck, the player survives...
but is turned to a vampire. To recover from his serious injuries, he
must hibernate in the ground.

The player awakens many years later and finds the town has changed and
grown. His goal is to avenge himself on the coven of 7 vampires that
will perform an evil rite when the stars are right in the year 2012 that
will make them invulnerable, and able to openly dominate all humanity.

He begins by exterminate the various magical monsters that serve the
vampires in their warrens, dens, tunnels, dungeons, sewers, and other
hiding places. Rather than being a great warrior, he uses stealth and
careful tactics to eliminate his opponents.

He powers his different abilities by draining different kinds of
monsters. By defeating and draining one of the coven, and then
hibernating again, he is able to make a power permanent. He must also
hibernate to recover from serious injury, costing him valuable time
before the rite.

The player can never gain immunity from sunlight, and is weakened during
the day even if underground or otherwise safe from the sun. If the
player does not sleep through several days running, he is weakened at
night as well. So the player must maintain a safe nest to sleep in,
perhaps a private apartment or den of his own -- and make sure it is
secret or well-fortified enough to protect him from the vampires and
humans who might come looking for him in the day, as being awoken in day
leaves him even more vulnerable than if he'd stayed awake.



Notes:

The detailed features of the game are not yet decided. What follows are
some notes from vampire fiction about theme, abilities, and weaknesses.


Themes:

Defy death at terrible price
Seducer (to feed)
Corruptor (turn humans)
Have henchmen or followers

Physical Attributes:

Thin
Tall
Pale skin
Pale hair
No smell, or smell of decay
Long nails
Fangs
Bad breath
No shadow
Shining/glowing eyes

Weaknesses:

Sunlight
Garlic
Crucifixes
Running water
Holy water
Silver
Sacred ground
Stake through heart
Decapitation
Fire

Powers:

Immortality, or very slow aging
Intimidate or control minds
Shapechange to wolf, bat, mist
Glamour
Strength
Speed
Telepathy
Telekinesis
Rapid healing
Spirit-walking
Heightened senses
Pyrokinesis
Flight
